[Music]
Very good family How are you I was going to
leave and I'm going to do it I don't know if I'll
be back tonight but this happened and I
have to tell you and not only did I
have to tell you but I'm
going to ask you please to take this
video with the explanations that I'm going to
give and share it everywhere
because I'm going to make everything very clear
but I want you to take this video
Share it on all your Twitter
your Facebook as if you want to
download the video and upload it too
okay I don't care I'm not
doing it for the money but man it's not right it's
not right to slander a person
and label him with a crime as
horrible
as this abuse of a woman who does
n't exist okay And it's not right to
deceive when judges have decided that no just
because they like it more or less the
judges who handled Rocío's case
decided that no that there hasn't been a
trial that doesn't mean that she's not there that she
's innocent because there hasn't been a
trial So she's in limbo no she's not
in limbo Antonio David no  he was
tried because the judges considered
that it was all
that there was no case that it was all
nonsense let's call it that okay what it
was Antonio David was investigated
for three years and the judges
decided no that later he may be
disliked you may seem like a liar you may seem like a trickster you may seem like
a liar whatever you want
but an abuser justice decided
that it's not fair there
are several things here that need to be made
very clear Okay what has
happened Jorge Javier has taken what's
happening with Marta Riesgo very personally the director of
reading and Rocío Carrasco why because they have
been exposed they have been made
completely ridiculous in several things point
number 1 the segada has been exposed
that
the magazine lecturas is a magazine that has lunch with Rocío Carrasco a magazine that starts calling Marta Riesgo either to make fun of her or to try to align her okay because the excuse they are giving for the call It was a joke that they were laughing in rocky tones is that
then worse because the director
of reading would be  and Rocio Carrasco
making fun of a woman while she
's in pain
Okay so there are two options here you
're making fun of her how she
sings And how bad she's feeling
because her boyfriend left her
you're trying to take advantage of her
heartbreak I mean they're both options there's no
other okay then I don't know which of the
two is worse But whichever it is it's
pathetic because you're all focused on
Antonio David and the magazine lectura is not
a reliable magazine it's a magazine that gives out
information and Rocio Carrasco is
focused on Antonio David Who he
's with Who he's not with and who He leaves and
who He doesn't leave And who gets along
Who doesn't get along okay that's why Jorge
is so angry but what needs to be
made clear is that what happened this afternoon can't be
cheered on like I'm seeing on
Twitter people celebrating that Jorge
Javier with all the letters and
literally called Antonio David an
abuser okay
Wait so I can put the sound on better
please I want you to share this
and make it really clear okay
otherwise
the combing an abuser  the penalty is an
abuser so he has blocked this one he has
done this as if to say Look at
the balls I have Look at the balls I
have that now if he sues me we will
be 5 9 10 years of trial wasting
time here wasting time
there when the lawsuits arrive to
Telecinco we say that we do not live here
that they send it somewhere else we lose I do not know
how much and from here to the time when they condemn me
if they condemn me if the judge does not consider
that this is a fight that we
both have and a tiff if they condemn me as
the law goes maybe
seven eight years have passed I am not even on
television anymore and nobody remembers Antonio
David or anyone but since I am a
millionaire then I have put up with it
because the television factory and Telecinco
maintains me for this and pays me to
do this okay
this has already been done for nothing okay here
we have
slander a violation of honor and
above all we have another fine from the CNMV
Why Because they already fined him
half a million euros once  that they
had to pay for talking about topics
like that and for mentioning these words that they
can't mention during the time they
are okay And they already fined them So
now they're probably going to fine them
again next year or the year after that
we'll know the fine Because they're probably
going to fine him again and he's
done it on several occasions because he's
gotten carried away and he's acted cocky and he's
started saying that Marta Riesgo
has a boyfriend who doesn't sue
people when they call him an abuser okay the
most important thing for me
is that I do
n't have a boyfriend who doesn't sue when they
call him an abuser
and this is literally a lie this
is literally a lie Jorge to the
TV factory you have been
sentenced for violating
Antonio David's honor to 50,000 euros in a
lawsuit that was for labor reasons in a
lawsuit that was for labor reasons the judge
made everything so clear that you were
violating the smell the honor but since
I'm a millionaire you don't give a damn And this
can't be you
see from what I explained to you the other day
that a sentence of  80,000 euros
cannot be imposed on the television factory
to a particular person, because you
can impose a sentence of 5,000 or 6,000,
okay, to a particular person, well,
3,000 or 2,000, okay, but a production company, you
impose a sentence of 80,000
and a production company, at 80,000, they release it in
20 seconds of a commercial break,
therefore it will happen again if they are
already stubborn in not getting off the donkey
and even if justice says no and
even if justice condemns them for
violating honor, but they have to continue
fleeing forward for not recognizing
that they have lied and defamed in these
months, because they do not care if they condemn him
again, again they condemn the
television factory 80,000. Well, take
another 80,000, do you understand me, I mean, it does not matter to him
but this is a lie, Jorge Antonio
David, yes, he has sued because they
call him an abuser and in fact he has
won.  ok she doesn't sue Rocío
Carrasco Of course because Rocío Carrasco
considers herself a victim of abuse And
surely the way the laws are they would
n't condemn Rocío Carrasco
because they would consider that in the word
of one against the other that she has
felt abused they would consider it
many things and that acquittal
of Rocío Carrasco and there as a
condemnatory sentence for Antonio
David as if the judge was giving
Rocío Carrasco the reason That if he is
an abuser Taking advantage of the fact that people
do not understand legal issues that is what you would do
but that he had sued me
because I called him an abuser yes to you
and you have been condemned when are you going to
say it
when are you going to say it but the
biggest thing is this you that I have put or rather the
biggest thing this guy that I have put
now says Javier it's not that Antonio
David does not sue people when they
call him an abuser you know
where I have lost my Twitter
you know that Jorge Javier has
sued Massiel
Maybe he sued her I don't know but
not you  It sounds like Jorge Javier has
sued Massiel for this, you can't
mistreat everyone because Miguel
has been a great abuser of people. Hey,
please let him
love me. Hey, please,
Jorge Javier sued Maciel for this.
This would be a pain in the ass. No, I mean,
how many months ago was this? I don't even remember.
Jorge Javier hasn't sued. Do you love to go for
this?
Or Jorge Javier isn't suing either. Anyway,
family, we'll probably see each other
live tonight and talk about this topic,
eh, it's very, very, very heated and you're
already going too far. A
hug.
[Music]